feat: evented track input (#140)
radiorabe/nowplaying: README.md

The nowplaying project grabs info from RaBes playout solution and publishes them to broadcast vectors like DAB+ and Webstreams.

> It also takes care of generating our live ticker at songitcker.rabe.ch.

Author: ```suggestion
It also takes care of generating our live ticker at songticker.rabe.ch.
```

## Overview

The nowplaying daemon takes various sources into account:

- The RaBe playout solution (via the [virtual-saemubox](https://github.com/radiorabe/virtual-saemubox) project)
- Input from [Klangbecken](https://github.com/radiorabe/klangbecken)

It then make an informed decision as to what should be our leading PAD data and pushes this to it's track handlers for the following sinks:

- DAB+ (via the [ODR-EncoderManager](https://github.com/Opendigitalradio/ODR-EncoderManager) API)

> - Webstream by pushing to out [Icecast](https://icecast.org/) instances

Author: ```suggestion
- Webstream by pushing to our [Icecast](https://icecast.org/) instances
- Statically hosted XML output for browsers on songticker.rabe.ch
```
